The demand for security
professionals has never been higher.
Organizations across the world require
professionals with your knowledge and
skills to protect their
systems from attackers.
And with the number of
threats on the rise,
security professionals often
perform a diverse set of tasks.
It's for
this reason that we'll incorporate another
tool as part of our security toolbox.
A tool that can simplify
many common security tasks.
A tool that's used not only
by security professionals but
also by engineers and
data scientists. That tool is Python.
Hi there! Congratulations on getting to
the next step in your security journey.
My name is Angel, and
I am a Security Engineer at Google.
I'm excited to be joining
you in this course.
If you've been following along
sequentially, you've already applied
the specific tools that security
professionals use during the detection,
analysis, and response processes.
And you also learned how to communicate
with your computer through Linux and SQL.
Now, we'll focus on how programming
in Python can be used for
some common security tasks.
As you consider your next career step,
you might find that Python skills
will help you in your everyday work.
This course is designed for
learning Python, starting with the basics.
Then you'll gradually
build on those basics and
apply what you learn to gain hands-on
practice with security-related examples.
Fortunately, Python is known for
its readability. And
just like all languages,
it will get easier with practice.
Pretty soon, you might be using
Python in your security career.
Python can automate the manual effort
of important tasks like file parsing.
Python has helped me a lot
in my career here at Google.
I am part of a team responsible for
protecting Google's infrastructure,
which includes everything that
employees use—from laptops and desktops
to the network and cloud resources.
We do this by engineering
security solutions and
automating the repeatable
parts of our work.
What I like about Python is that it has
cross-platform support, and a lot of tools
have already been developed by members of
the security community that use Python.
This makes it easy for me to find
the tools I need and get support with
blockers so I can complete both my
professional and personal projects.
My hope is that this course
will be helpful to you.
Let's explore what we'll cover.
First, you'll be introduced to basic
programming concepts in Python.
You'll learn why Python has been adopted
by security professionals around
the world.
You will also develop and
run your first program.
After this, we'll focus on
writing effective Python code.
We'll discuss concepts that help
make our work more efficient.
Our next main topic is on
working with strings and lists.
These will be relevant to a lot of the
data that you will encounter in a security
context.
And finally,
you'll wrap up the course with an exploration
of putting Python into practice.
You'll learn about opening and
parsing files and about debugging code.
Python is certainly a useful skill for
security analysts.
Let's get started.